# UnderTale-Wiimote-Control

A Python 3 program I wrote to play UnderTale with a Nintendo Wii Remote.

This program uses a port of cWiid for Python 3. As a result, this code will only work on a Linux based operating system.

This program uses two libraries:
Python 3 cWiid: https://pypi.org/project/cwiid/
Pynput: https://pypi.org/project/pynput/

An x86_64 binary generated by Pyinstaller is located in this repository's dist folder.

I hope you enjoy this as much as I liked writing it!

__________________Controls__________________

The controller must be held horizontally with the D-PAD on the left hand side.

The D-PAD controls directional movement, 2 is enter, 1 is shift, 'A' speeds up out of battle diolouge, minus opens your inventory, and plus when held let's you quit the game.

At any time pressing the Home button will close the program and end the bluetooth connection.

________________Installing________________

A shell script called instcont.sh will install the prebuild binary to /usr/bin. Simply run it with ./ to run the install.

_________________Running_________________

If you installed the binary, typing "UnderTale Control" will start up the program. Other wise, run "UnderTale Control.py" with a python3. Keep in mind that you will need to have all the required libraries if you are running the script.
When prompted, press 1 and 2 on the Wii Remote to establish a connection. The remote should virbate for a second if the connection was sucessful.
If the Wii Remote does not vibrate, try pressing 1 and 2 again. If after 3 tries it still fails, insure that your computer's bluetooth dongle is working and that Wii Remote's batteries don't need to be changed.
After establising the connection, open UnderTale. You can now proceed to play the game with your Wii Remote.

________________Building________________

For those that wish to build a binary, you must have all the required libaries installed and Pyinstaller. To build the binary, simply run pyinstaller --onefile UnderTale\ Control.py in your terminal. A binary will be produced in the dist folder called UnderTale Control.
